feat: Add new camera device services (#243)
edgexfoundry/edgex-compose: compose-builder/README.md

    Secure delayed start services **extending** compose file. Adds additional delayed start services based on spire/spiffe implementation to provide the secret store token on the runtime secure configuration.
- **add-device-bacnet.yml**
    Device Service **extending** compose file, which adds the **Device Bacnet**  service.

> - **add-device-camera.yml** (***not this service will be Deprecated, use Device ONVIF Camera***)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **add-device-camera.yml** (***note that this service will be Deprecated, use Device ONVIF Camera***)
```

Author: Fixed

>     Device Service *extending** compose file, which adds the **Device Camera**  service.

Reviewer: Missing a `*`?
